What we're doing, our behavior subject,
we're exposing the observable
portion of it.
So this right here completely matches,
This right here, loaded allChallenges,
selectChallenges.
I think this is important, right?
Within these methods, I'm just
manipulating this data structure,
and then updating
the subject to emit the new
value back out to the interested party.
Now, I think this is right,
I haven't tested it,
but the concept stands,
is that this has the same
exact API as the Facade
that I would use to interface with NgRx.
Now, the difference is that in
the local Facade it's all in memory,
I don't have any dependencies
outside of that other than,
obviously, the behavior sub hit.
So, now the question is,
what to do if I wanted to load
this into Challenges.
I believe that I would come up into,
This remote entry here, and
this is the beauty of
dependency injection,
is that I'm able to say here
is the challenges Facade.
But instead of using
the real growing-up version,
I want you to use this logo version.
This is how testing works in Angular.
This is the whole point.
I think React is a great framework, but
the one thing that I wish it
had was inversion of control or
dependency injection mechanism.
Because, and
you may be able to do this in React, so
if somebody knows, hit me up, this is
the one thing that I struggle with.
Is that, the ability to wire
up things like this is,
I think, so clever and so powerful.
So now, just wanna make sure I
don't have anything running.
I really hope this works.
So, what I'm doing here is, I'm loading
the entire Challenges feature, which is,
it's a JSON server and
it's the frontend app.
So, in the JSON server, and
I hope we talk about it, if we have time,
is I just have a JSON structure with
five challenges in it, right?
So this is what I should be loading, but
this is not what we're saying.
Why is this happening?
Well, what I'm going to do is I'm gonna
just take this off screen,
I'm gonna make a change,
and then I'm gonna put
it right back on screen,
and we will observe this.
Do you see that?
What did I do?
I think,
maybe because I don't do this a lot,
but this is, in my opinion, probably one
of the cooler things
that we've seen today,
because all I'm doing is I'm just
turning, This on and off.
So, I'm basically overriding
the injector with a local injector.
So once I inject it, what I'm able
to do He's essentially approximate,
the entire State Management layer
with a single Local Facade.
That because it's all observables and
I haven't tested the functions yet, but
I have every reason, like,
it'd be easy to fix,
is that, imagine now you
wanna do end-to-end testing.
And you don't actually wanna hit a server.
Well, there's ways to override that.
This is how the proxy works,
is that we can,
if we agree on a contract,
we can hydrate our
component layer without
ever touching an API.
And your component layer has no idea, and
this is why I think Facades are so
powerful,
Is because it decouples your
component layer from everything else.
And your component layer has no idea,
other than that there's a Facade,
that it's using a store, anything.
Does anybody have any
questions about the blasphemy
that I've just unleashed
onto this workshop?
>> So, here are you, is the point
of the local Facade essentially
that you're agreeing on a contract,
but you have not built out the NgRx,
like, if we are in a world that we hadn't
built out the NgRx facade, essentially?
You have both right now, so
that's where I was trying to understand
what's the point of the local one.
>> So,
I'm just showing that you can flip them,
that they are functionally equivalent,
other than the level in which
that state change is propagating.
One of the other reasons why I like
the facade is because it creates a nice
division of labor within a development
team, which nobody talks about.
I have worked a lot
with junior developers,
that they, from a skill-standpoint,
are effective building out components.
But they are not quite
ready to handle more
complicated things like State Management.
So, not only does the Facade
allow me to decouple the frontend
from the backend, it allows me to
decouple the component layer so
my junior developers can work on it.
While my senior developers can go and
work on the hard stuff,
which is,
really it's asynchronous business logic.
I think it's the hardest thing
technically to get right.
It's the division of the conceptual model,
but
also the division of labor to
achieve the outcome as a result.